# Inventory-Management-System
Description:
First, I implemented rest api for inventory service using spring data rest,  the reason I chose to use spring data rest is because it helps me build Hypermedia-Driven RESTful Web Service, so the representations returned for REST resources contain not only data but also links to related resources. I created 5 entities (explain them) which are variant, location, stockItem, stockAdjustment, stockTransfer, and persisted them into MySQL database using spring data jpa. I can perform crud operations on these five resources through the default controllers in spring data rest. I also implemented custom controllers to perform bulk operations,(explain bulk). 
The next thing is to secure rest api, My strategy is to utilize OAuth 2 and JWT. I built an authorization server, clients request JWT (access token + refresh token ) from this server and then use access token to get resources from inventory service, when access token expired, clients can use refresh token to get new access token, so i can  achieve remember me functionality.
To build cloud infrastructure for microservice architecture, i used spring cloud netflix.
 I registered inventory service with Eureka server so other microservices can communicate with it, I used zuul gateway to route users requests to inventory service and ribbon for client-side load balancing, hystrix as a circuit breaker to handle the failure of invoking inventory service. I also worked with spring cloud config for external configuration and spring cloud sleuth to do distributed tracing for microservices. 
To synchronize orders with inventory, Sales order and Purchase order services publish order fulfilled events to inventory service using kafka, inventory service then consumes these events to update on-hand inventory. As a full stack developer, I build the front end application to display inventory dashboard using react.js. The front end application fetches and persists inventory related data using REST api, so users can view inventory list and adjust inventory levels on the inventory dashboard.
